THIS TECPLOT, INC.  SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("LICENSE
AGREEMENT") IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN LICENSEE (AND ANY OTHER
USER OF THIS SOFTWARE) AND TECPLOT, INC., FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT
IDENTIFIED ABOVE. BY INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, LICENSEE (AND ANY OTHER USER) AGREES TO BE BOUND
BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.  IF USER DOES NOT AGREE TO
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, USER MAY NOT INSTALL OR USE THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT; USER MAY, HOWEVER, RETURN IT TO THE PLACE OF
PURCHASE FOR A FULL REFUND WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS OF THE PURCHASE
DATE.

Software Product License.  
This Software is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and
treaties. This Software is licensed, not sold. For purposes of this
License Agreement, "Software Product" refers to the computer
software and associated media, printed materials, and "online" or
electronic documentation, including without limitation any and all
executable files, add-ons, filters, tutorials, help files and other
files that accompany the Tecplot Inc.  product identified above,
together with accompanying documentation, and software patches and
software downloads obtained from the Tecplot Inc. Web site or
technical support personnel; "Install" means to copy the Software
Product to a hard disk drive or similar storage device; "Use" means
loading the Software Product into computer memory or running it on
a central processing unit.

1. Grant of License.
Software Product. Tecplot Inc. grants to the entity or individual
whose funds are used to pay the license fee and to a licensed
entity's authorized representative ("Licensee") a non-exclusive
license to Use the Software Product and documentation subject to
the restrictions and terms set forth in this License Agreement. 

Single-Computer License. 
If Licensee purchased a Single-Computer License, Tecplot Inc.
allows one (1) designated individual, and only that individual, the
right to install the Software Product on one (1) work and one (1)
home computer. The designated individual agrees that no more than
one (1) installation will be in Use at any given time. 

Network License. 
If Licensee purchased a Network License, Licensee may Install and
Use the Software Product on any compatible computer on Licensee's
internal local area network by the licensed number of concurrent
Users.

Annual Network License.  
If Licensee purchased an Annual Network License, Licensee may
Install and Use the Software Product on any compatible computer on
Licensee's internal local area network by the licensed number of
concurrent Users. The Annual Network License terminates one (1)
year after the date of purchase, unless, prior to such date,
Licensee renews Software Product at the then-current price.
Licensee may make a single copy of the Software Product as an
archive copy, provided that it includes all notices and markings,
including copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices as on
the original, and which may not be in Use at any time, unless the
original is damaged beyond Use, and must remain in Licensee's
possession and control.

2. License Restrictions.
The only right granted to Licensee is the right to Use the 
Software Product and accompanying documentation in accordance 
with this License Agreement. All rights not expressly granted in 
the License Agreement are specifically reserved by Tecplot Inc.. Neither 
Licensee nor any unlicensed User shall receive or acquire any 
right, title, or interest to the Software Product, or to any 
applicable patents, trademarks, copyrights or trade-secrets. 
Neither Licensee nor any unlicensed User may remove or alter any 
proprietary notices, labels, or trademarks on the Software 
Product or accompanying documentation. Neither Licensee nor any 
unlicensed User may modify, translate, copy, reproduce, reverse 
engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise derive source code 
from, the Software Product or accompanying documentation, or Use 
it as a basis for the preparation of other software programs or 
derivative works, or Use it in any manner that infringes the 
intellectual property or other rights of Tecplot Inc. or another party, 
except as permitted herein or under applicable law. The Software 
Product and accompanying documentation may not be transmitted 
electronically, including over the Internet, rented, loaned, 
leased, sold, distributed, made available, directly or 
indirectly, for Use by any other person or entity not covered by 
this License Agreement, Used by third parties in a service bureau 
or otherwise transferred, transmitted or Used without 
authorization under this License Agreement. Neither Licensee nor 
any unlicensed User may access nor allow access to the Software 
Product through Internet sites or provide access to the Software 
Product via a Web application.

3. Description of Other Rights and Limitations.

Academic Software Product. 
If the Software Product is identified as "Academic," only Qualified
Educational Users (as defined by Tecplot Inc.) may Use the Software
Product. Academic Software Product licensed to degree-granting
educational institutions at Tecplot Inc.'s Academic License
Discount is restricted to Use by students, teaching faculty and
staff, and research staff in connection with on-campus computing
facilities that are Used solely in support of classroom instruction
and research activities. The right to Use Academic Software Product
for any other purposes, including commercial purposes, is expressly
prohibited. 

Extended Update and Support Service. 
Tecplot Inc. provides Extended Update and Support Service (EUSS)
for the Software Product for one year from the date of purchase.
Additional EUSS may be purchased upon standard terms and pricing.
In the absence of a separate Agreement governing EUSS, EUSS is
governed by the Tecplot Inc. policies and programs described in
"online" or electronic documentation, and/or in other Tecplot
Inc.-provided materials. Any supplemental software code provided as
part of EUSS shall be considered part of the Software Product and
subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. With
respect to any technical information provided to Tecplot Inc. as
part of EUSS, Tecplot Inc. may Use such information for its
business purposes, including product support and development.
Tecplot Inc. will not disclose such information to any third party.
EUSS shall include: (1) delivery of subsequent releases of the
Software Product; (2) reasonable efforts to both (a) provide,
within reasonable time, workarounds for any material programming
errors in the current release of the Software Product that is
directly attributable to Tecplot Inc., and (b) correct such errors
in the next available release, provided Licensee provides Tecplot
Inc. with sufficient information to identify the problems, and; (3)
technical support by telephone, fax, or electronic mail regarding
the installation and/or Use of the licensed Software Product.

Utilities/Other Executables. 
Licensee is permitted to redistribute the included FRAMER
executable to others provided that Licensee does not charge a fee
for such distribution and the distribution is solely for the
purpose of displaying movie files generated by Software Product.
Licensee is permitted to redistribute the included TECIO libraries
and the PREPLOT executable for the sole purpose of generating
binary files compatible with Software Product.

Termination. 
Unauthorized copying or duplication of the Software Product results
in automatic termination of this License Agreement.  Without
prejudice to any other rights, Tecplot Inc. may terminate this
License Agreement if Licensee fails to comply with the terms and
conditions of the License Agreement. In such event, Licensee must
destroy all copies of the Software Product and all of its component
parts.

Transfer. 
This Agreement is assignable by Tecplot Inc. to any successor which
acquires all or substantially all of the assets or businesses of
Tecplot Inc. or to an acquirer, whether by sale, merger,
recapitalization or other business combination, of all or
substantially all of the assets or businesses of Tecplot Inc.
without Licensee's consent, provided that any such successor or
assignee shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement. Neither
Licensee nor any unlicensed User may rent, lease, sublicense, or
lend the Software Product or documentation. Any attempted transfer
in violation of this Section shall be void. Licensee may, however,
transfer all rights to Use the Software Product to another person
or legal entity provided that the recipient agrees to all the terms
and conditions of this License Agreement and provided that Licensee
retains no copies, including copies stored on any computer. If the
Software Product is an upgrade product, any transfer must include
the latest release, all prior versions, and any prior products used
to obtain the Software Product.

4. Reports and Audit Rights.
Licensee shall institute reasonable measures to ensure compliance
with the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. Upon
Tecplot Inc.'s reasonable request, Licensee agrees to provide
reports relating to the Licensee's Use of the Software Product as
necessary to demonstrate compliance with the terms and conditions
of this License Agreement. Tecplot Inc. has the right, upon
reasonable prior notice, to audit the records and inspect the
facilities of Licensee and any unlicensed User to verify compliance
with the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

5. U.S. Government Restricted Rights.
The Software Product and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED
RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S.  Government is
subject to restrictions as set forth in subpara­graphs (a) through
(d) of the Commercial Computer-Restricted Rights clause at FAR
52.227-19 when applicable, or in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the
Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS
252.227-7013, and in similar or successor clauses in the DOD or
NASA FAR Supplement. Contractor/manufacturer is Tecplot Inc., P.O.
Box 3633, Bellevue, Washington 98009-3633, U.S.A.

6. Export Restrictions.
No one may export or re-export the Software Product or any
underlying information or technology except in full compliance with
all United States and other applicable laws and regulations.  In
particular, but without limitation, none of the Software Product or
underlying information or technology may be exported or re-exported
(a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Haiti, Iran, Iraq,
Libya, Serbia, Montenegro, North Korea, Sudan or Syria or (b) to
anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of
Deny Orders, as such countries, lists and orders may be amended or
modified from time to time. By Using the Software Product, Licensee
and any unlicensed User specifically agree to the foregoing and
represent and warrant that they are not located in, are not under
the control of, are not a national or resident of, any such country
and are not on any such list.

7. Software Updates.
Timing of Software Updates shall be solely within the discretion of
Tecplot Inc.. 

8. Dual-Media Software.
Licensee may receive the Software Product in more than one medium.
Regardless of the type or size of medium Licensee receives,
Licensee may Use only one medium that is appropriate for Licensee's
computer or network. Licensee may not loan, rent, lease, or
otherwise transfer the other medium to another User, except as
provided pursuant to Section 3 above.

9. Governing Law.
This License Agreement will be governed by the laws in force in the
State of Washington. Licensee and any unlicensed User agree that
the Courts in King County, Washington shall have sole jurisdiction
and venue over any dispute arising out of this License Agreement
and Use of the Software Product. The prevailing party shall be
awarded reasonable costs for any legal proceedings relating to this
License Agreement, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs
of Court. This License Agreement shall not be governed by the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale
of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.

10. Software Product Limited Warranty.

Limited Warranty. 
Tecplot Inc. warrants to Licensee that (a) the Software Product
will perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying
written materials for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of
receipt, and (b) any Support Services provided by Tecplot Inc.
shall be substantially as described in applicable written materials
provided to Licensee by Tecplot Inc., and Tecplot Inc. support
engineers will make commercially reasonable efforts to solve any
problem issues.  To the extent allowed by applicable law, implied
warranties on the Software Product, if any, are limited to ninety
(90) days.  Some states and jurisdictions do not allow limitations
on duration of any implied warranty, so the above limitation may
not apply to you.

Customer Remedies. 
Tecplot Inc.'s and its supplier's entire liability and Licensee's
exclusive remedy shall be, at Tecplot Inc.'s option, either (a)
return of the price paid, if any, or (b) repair or replacement of
the Software Product that does not meet Tecplot Inc.'s Limited
Warranty and which is returned to Tecplot Inc. with a copy of
Licensee's receipt.  This Limited Warranty is void if failure of
the Software Product has resulted from accident, abuse, or
misapplication. Any replacement Software Product will be warranted
for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30)
days, whichever is longer. Outside the United States, neither these
remedies nor any product Support Services offered by Tecplot Inc.
are available without proof of purchase from an authorized
international source.



NO OTHER WARRANTIES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, TECPLOT INC. AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE
SUPPORT SERVICES. APART FROM THE WARRANTIES STATED ABOVE, TECPLOT
INC. MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR SERVICES WILL:
MEET REQUIREMENTS; PROVIDE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR
ERROR-FREE, USE OF COMPUTERS OR NETWORKS; PROVIDE RESULTS WHICH ARE
ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; MEET EXPECTATIONS, OR; CORRECT ANY ERRORS IN
THE SOFTWARE.  TECPLOT INC.  SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MISUSE OF
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR ANY LOSS OF DATA. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY
GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY HAVE OTHERS, WHICH VARY
FROM STATE/JURISDICTION TO STATE/JURISDICTION.

11.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT
SHALL TECPLOT INC. OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR
ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO
USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE
SUPPORT SERVICES, EVEN IF TECPLOT INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS SHALL BE TRUE EVEN IN THE EVENT
OF THE FAILURE OF AN AGREED REMEDY. IN ANY CASE, TECPLOT INC.'S
ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE SOFTWARE
PRODUCT, SERVICE OR ARISING FROM ANY PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY LICENSEE
FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR SERVICE COMPLAINED OF. BECAUSE SOME
STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

12. Confidentiality.
The Software Product contains proprietary trade secrets of Tecplot
Inc., and Licensee and any unlicensed User agree to maintain the
confidentiality of the Software Product using at least as great a
degree of care as they use to maintain the confidentiality of their
own most confidential information. Licensee agrees to reasonably
communicate the terms and conditions of this License Agreement to
those persons employed by Licensee who come into contact with the
Software Product, and to use reasonable best efforts to ensure
their compliance with such terms and conditions, including, without
limitation, not knowingly permitting such persons to Use any
portion of the Software Product for the purpose of deriving the
source code of the Software Product or defeating any Key.

13. Entire License Agreement; License Interpretation.
This License Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior representations, warranties, conditions, agreements, and
understandings, whether oral or written, express or implied,
relating to this License Agreement. No supplement, modification, or
waiver of this License Agreement shall be effective unless it is
provided or approved by Tecplot Inc. in writing. Any waiver or
modification of this License Agreement shall only be effective if
it is in writing and signed by both parties hereto. If any part of
this License Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable by a Court
of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this License Agreement
shall be interpreted so as to reasonably effect the intention of
the parties.

